Your 0 most positive review was
  Best camera bag I’ve ever had. It’s versatile. A roller bag that makes carrying my gear a breeze. Who’d have thought that Amazon was the place I’d find the perfect bag for my camera gear. I love my backpack, roller camera bag!

Your 1 most positive review was
  Perfect for me for when I travel.
Your 2 most positive review was
  Excellent product.....love it....

Your 3 most positive review was- Excellent padding.
Your 4 most positive review was
  Perfect --- two cameras, lenses. flash, and etc.
Your 5 most positive review was
  Excellent Carry on for Photography

Your 6 most positive review was
  Love this!!!!

Your 7 most positive review was
  best camera bag ever

Your 8 most positive review was
  Nice for the price I would purchase twice !!!!

Your 0 most negative review wasWhat's not great is the build quality of wheels and the handle to pull it for the price you pay for this bag.
Your 1 most negative review wasNot suitable for pro photographer

Your 2 most negative review was
  Does not fit 17 inch laptop

Your 3 most negative review was
  This rolling camera bag is well made and carries all I could ask of it.  I just wish it was an inch narrower as I had trouble getting it down the aisles of some airliners.

Your 4 most negative review wasSome organizations meet at places that have a lot of tech available to me, so all I really need is my flash drive. But other events require me to bring my laptop, my projector, a reel of extension cord, and various cables. It can be awkward, especially when stairs are involved, or if there's a lot of snow or ice. I'm always worried that one false step will put an end to my project.
Your 5 most negative review wasThe Amazon bag is bigger, but it is scaled up directly. In other words, it has the same three major divisions, but each of the Amazon bag compartment regions is about an inch wider. Even my largest lens is only about 3" in diameter, so the extra inch is wasted, and the lens moves around in the spaciousness of the bag.
Your 6 most negative review wasThe increased width also leaves a lot of space to either side of the camera, unlike the Lowepro, which fits the camera snugly. Again, look at the pics. Adjusting the dividers will not solve this problem because 1) remember the top is shallow and the dividers will not fit there, and 2) the side panel at the bottom of the bag does not have the velcro siding used in the other parts of the bag. Instead, two velcro strips are given at 1/3 points, which means you can only put the dividers there.
Your 7 most negative review was
  Seems to be more of a knock-off than an innovative product. Lacking several key features, not enough storage for small items like SD cards or filters, and the side pockets are so tight they really are not useful to me, I'm very disappointed in the laptop slot. I had to add another protective sleeve so the cameras and or lenses don't scrape my laptop. I asked earlier buyers about this before ordering (see the Q&A section), but I think they may not have the larger pro-level cameras I have similar to having a battery grip. This makes the hot-shoe rub against the laptop care.
Your 8 most negative review was
  This thing is almost as good as other brand bags but so much less expensive. I could give it 6 stars if I could.

